END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR THE INCLUDED ZETAFONTS FONTS
This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you (as an individual)
and Zetafonts fonts foundry for the digital typeface software - hereafter "fonts" included in this
package:
Asgard Family
created by zetafonts
The fonts in this package are released under a creative commons - attribution - non commercial (CC BY-NC)
License. This license lets you freely use and alter them for your design work as long as the new work is
non-commercial and ZetaFonts is credited.
01] You may install and use an unlimited number of copies of the fonts.
02] You can make archival copies of the fonts for your own purposes.
03] You may modify the fonts for your own purposes, but the copyright remains with the author, and you are not
allowed to distribuite renamed, edited or derivative works, either for profit or not.
04] You must include the credit line below:
(Font: Asgard Family by Zetafonts -http://www.zetafonts.com/collection/6603)
To acquire a FULL LICENSE for commercial use (allowing file release to a prepress bureau and embedding in other
software files, such as Portable Document Format (PDF) or Flash files), visit the url:
http://www.zetafonts.com/collection/6603
Zetafonts expressly disclaims any warranty for the fonts. The fonts and any related documentation is provided as
is; without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties or
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or noninfringement. The entire risk arising out of use or
performance of the fonts remains with you. Copies of the fonts may not be distributed or shared in any way (for
profit or free of charge) either on a standalone basis or included as part of your own product.
In no event shall Zetafonts or its suppliers be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation,
damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss)
arising out of the use of or inability to use this product, even if Zetafonts has been advised of the possibility of
such damages. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for
consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.
The fonts included are protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other
intellectual property laws and treaties.
For more info and commercial licence notice visit: http://www.zetafonts.com/collection/6603
or write to: info@zetafonts.com
Should you have any questions concerning this EULA, please contact Zetafonts via its website at http:/www.zetafonts.com, or write directly to Zetafonts, info@zetafonts.com
